add note that the void operator doesn't work on arrow function iifes (#35857)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/operators/void/index.md

})();
```

> Note that this trick only applies to IIFEs defined with the `function` keyword. Attempting to use the `void` operator to avoid parentheses for an arrow function results in a syntax error. You should use parentheses around the arrow function instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this trick only applies to IIFEs defined with the `function` keyword. Attempting to use the `void` operator to avoid parentheses for an arrow function results in a syntax error. Arrow function expressions always require parentheses around them when being called.
```

```js example-bad

> void () => { console.log('iife!'); }(); // SyntaxError: Malformed arrow function parameter list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
void () => { console.log("iife!"); }(); // SyntaxError: Malformed arrow function parameter list
```
